c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\DiscordDKPBot.exe.config
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\DiscordDKPBot.exe
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\DiscordDKPBot.pdb
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Audio.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Commands.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Discord.Net.Modules.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\WebSocket4Net.dll
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.xml
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Concurrent.xml
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\Nito.AsyncEx.Enlightenment.xml
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\obj\Debug\DiscordDKPBot.exe
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\obj\Debug\DiscordDKPBot.pdb
c:\users\tempotune\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\DiscordDKPBot\DiscordDKPBot\obj\Debug\DiscordDKPBot.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
